add how to install Kerberos  in Windows system (#170)
Kimahriman/hdfs-native: README.md

brew install krb5
```

#### WIndows

> ```bash
> Down and install the Microsoft Kerberos package from https://web.mit.edu/kerberos/dist/
> 
> Copy the <INSTALL FOLDER>\MIT\Kerberos\bin\gssapi64.dll to then folder in %PATH% ,and change the name to gssapi_krb5.dll
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download and install the Microsoft Kerberos package from https://web.mit.edu/kerberos/dist/

Copy the `<INSTALL FOLDER>\MIT\Kerberos\bin\gssapi64.dll` file to a folder in %PATH% and change the name to `gssapi_krb5.dll`
```
Do you know if this gets installed into your path automatically? Is it just the file name that is the issue?

Author: > Do you know if this gets installed into your path automatically? Is it just the file name that is the issue?

It 's  won't  get installed into my path automatically
